yeah
long walk on a cold day
I've learned about injuries is
listen to your body your body is
hurt and it's trying to tell you
some in this case right here
this lake is trying to tell me
not to use it this could take it
easy take one step at a time
eventually I'll get back even if
i get back slowly
yeah
it's good to be home
that's not get inside take my
clothes off get some rest
hurts even just take my boots
off and off if you can't walk on
snowshoes you basically can't
walk out here this time here
can't get around oh it's
definitely swollen right in this
area
I think I'm having a problem
with the tendons that they
became a flame because of
overuse
I was snowshoeing so much so I'm
gonna try heat and cold
I don't get injured very often
but when I have a problem like
this have to take care of it
myself
I can't make a trip to the
doctor's office as its 200 miles
down to Fairbanks cost four
thousand dollars to go there
yeah
just give it time and have
patience
your body will heal itself
eventually most things that
happen to you
that's all I can do is just wait
treated as best i can see what
happens